

                      2nd CGAL User Workshop

                   *** Call for Submissions ***

                http://www.cgal.org/UserWorkshop


The CGAL Open Source Project is organizing the second CGAL User Workshop,
to be held on June 12, 2004 immediately after the
20th Annual ACM Symposium on Computational Geometry in New York, USA.  

The goal of this one-day workshop is twofold: to allow CGAL users and 
developers to meet and share their experiences with the library while at 
the same time providing an opportunity for potential users to learn more 
about CGAL and how they might benefit from it.

The day will be organized around a series of short (30-minute) 
presentations by users and developers.  The topics to be discussed 
include but are not limited to:

  - design of library components
  - implementation of algorithms and data structures using CGAL
  - use of the library in experimentation 
  - experiences with CGAL in teaching,
  - comparisons of CGAL with other libraries.

At the end of the day, we will have an extensive Q&A session.

The focus of the meeting is not CGAL, but the users. If you have
any suggestions about what should be discussed, please send a message 
to workshop04@cgal.org so we can do our best to organize the workshop 
to meet your needs.


Abstract Submission
-------------------

If you are a CGAL user and would like to present your work, we invite 
you to send an abstract (up to 4 pages) to workshop04@cgal.org. The work
need not be original for this workshop. The CGAL editorial committee will
select presentations so as to achieve a balanced programme of general
interest to users and developers.


Important Dates
---------------

     March 19, 2004: Abstract submission deadline 
     April  2, 2004: Notification of acceptance or rejection
      June 12, 2004: Workshop


Registration and Accommodation
------------------------------

You can register for the workshop when you register for SoCG'04.  There is no
separate registration system.  Should you wish to participate only in the 
workshop, please check the appropriate box on the symposium registration form.

There will be a separate and modest registration fee for the workshop. 
The payment of this fee will be done on-site. Only cash in $US will be 
accepted.

You may use the SoCG'04 accommodation booking system
(http://socg.poly.edu/home/local_information.htm), if you wish,
even if you intent to attend only the workshop.


About CGAL
----------

CGAL, the Computational Geometry Algorithms Library, is a highly modular 
C++ library of data structures and algorithms that has been developed via 
a collaborative project involving several research institutes
around the world. The mission of the project is to make the 
most important solutions and methods developed in computational
geometry available to users in industry and academia.

CGAL is available under an Open Source license, and commercial licenses 
can be obtained from GeometryFactory Sarl (www.geometryfactory.com).

For more information about the project and the library, please visit
the CGAL web site (http://www.cgal.org).



